rated M for Mature
with all due respect lieutenant you're
drunk and a disgrace to the uniform now
go bother someone who gives a damn
comandante carlos wants to see you he's
waiting at the top of a tower well all
right
there's a ship coming in in this stone
not the storm I'm worried about what
might be hiding in it I don't see what
you're worrying about
we need to save the survivors I'm not
risking another ship the survivors will
have to make it ashore on their own go
down to the beach and gather up anyone
who gets to shore alive
ha
this is not you rescuing me I was fine
Patti how are you here nice to see you
too I'm here because I have to get a
message to the Inquisition and you're
healthy of course you are we need to
find Carlos then a shit a fast one out
of the question but there is a weapon
against the Kraken what makes you so
sure father searching for it steel beard
you found him not yet but I know where
to look not so fast why would a pirate
oppose Maura after all she's the
greatest enemy the Inquisition faces
it's time what do you want let's tell it
to the captain he should be here any
minute it's time we weren't here
lighting it was bad
the skies are clear today that means
we'll set sail soon
you